FR #976: Add support for contract commitments (#1350)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/glossary.md

A feature of [*commitment discounts*](#glossary:commitment-discount) that may further transform the predetermined amount of usage purchased or consumed based on additional, provider-specific requirements.

<a name="glossary:contract"><b>Contract</b></a>

A collection of agreed terms between a provider and a customer.  Contracts can include commitment to a certain amount of spend or usage over an agreed period of time.

<a name="glossary:contract-commitment"><b>Contract Commitment</b></a>

> A single [*contract*](#glossary:contract) term agreed between a provider and a customer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a name="glossary:contract"><b>Contract</b></a>

A collection of agreed terms between a provider and a customer.

<a name="glossary:contract-commitment"><b>Contract Commitment</b></a>

A specific term within a [*contract*](#glossary:contract) that defines a measurable obligation agreed upon by a provider and a customer, such as a minimum spend or usage over an agreed period of time.
```

something to consider - Contract stays general, while details about committed obligations (e.g., spend, usage) are covered under Contract Commitment

Reviewer: I just remembered that we already have this: in the glossary

> **Term:** 
> A duration of a contractual agreement like with a commitment discount or negotiated discount.

Author: Strange that we have a glossary entry for term that is strictly applied to duration.  A term can be _anything_ specified on the contract.  Per the Internet:

> In a contract, a term refers to any provision or clause that forms part of the agreement, outlining the rights and obligations of the parties involved, such as the duration of the contract, price, or quality of goods.

Author: That said, I agree with your suggestion and will commit it, unless you have anything further to add!
